ProductFilter
=============

Simple JS plugin for filtering items on webpage. Created as a project for WAP course at VUT FIT Brno.

Usage
-----

At first, you need to link JS file at the bottom of your page:
`<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/filter.css">`

Then you can add the css for this plugin in header of your HTML page:
`<script src="js/filter.js"></script>`

Finally, you need to initialize the plugin using `initFilter()`
function. This function takes exactly 1 argument - the object
representing your settings. This object must contatin following
attributes:

-   id - the id of element, where all the items are nested in
-   filterable - array of objects, that holds settings for particular
    inputs generated by this plugin. Each attribute must contain
    following attributes:
    -   `name` - the class to be filtered
    -   `type` - type of generated input, following types of input are
        supported:
        -   `str` - generates a simple text input
        -   `num` - generates two inputs of `number` type, where the
            first input stands for minimal value to be filtered and
            second input stands for maximal value to be filtered
        -   `enum` - generates multiselect input, where more items can
            be selected and filtered
    -   `form_placeholder`

For example, to generate a filter containg string input, number inputs
and multiselect, following JS object can be passed into the `initFilter`
function:

    {
        'id': 'wap_filterable',
        'filterable': [
            {
                'name': 'title',
                'type': 'str',
                'form_placeholder': 'Issue title'
            },
            {
                'name': 'price',
                'type': 'num',
                'form_placeholder': ['Price from', 'Price to']
            },
            {
                'name': 'publisher',
                'type': 'enumeration',
                'form_placeholder': 'Publisher'
            },
        ]
    }

If the function `initFilter` is called with object shown above, the
scope of filtering results is given by `id` attribute. In this case the
items will be filtered within the element with `id="wap_filterable"`
attribute.

Customization
-------------

Styles of filters can be easily adjusted to your needs by editing css
file located in `css/filter.css`. You will find there a simple CSS rule
for basic styling of inputs generated by this plugin, which can be
enriched by your own CSS styles.
